aws-configure: add page (#8808)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-configure.md

# aws configure

> > Configure AWS CLI options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Manage configuration for the AWS CLI.
```

> More information: <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/configure/>.

- Configure AWS CLI interactively (creates a new configuration or updates the default):

`aws configure`

- Configure a named profile for AWS CLI interactively (creates a new profile or updates an existing one):

> `aws configure --profile {{production}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws configure --profile {{profile_name}}`
```

> - Get a configuration value from the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the value from a specific configuration variable:
```

> `aws configure get {{region}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws configure get {{name}}`
```

Author: Ups.. did't notice that. Sorry.

> - Get a configuration value from a profile configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the value for a configuration variable in a specific profile:
```

> `aws configure get {{region}} --profile {{production}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws configure get {{name}} --profile {{profile_name}}`
```

> - Set a configuration value from the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the value of a specific configuration variable:
```

> `aws configure set {{region}} {{us-west-1}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws configure set {{name}} {{value}}`
```

> - Set a configuration value from a profile configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the value of a configuration variable in a specific profile:
```

> `aws configure set {{region}} {{us-west-1}} --profile {{production}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws configure set {{name}} {{value}} --profile {{profile_name}}`
```

> - List the AWS CLI configuration data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List the configuration entries:
```

`aws configure list`

> - List the AWS CLI profile configuration data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List the configuration entries for a specific profile:
```

> `aws configure list --profile {{production}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws configure list --profile {{profile_name}}`
```
